New format of documentation (#369)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_manager/README.md

# panther_manager

A package containing nodes responsible for high-level control of Husarion Panther robot.

## Launch Files

This package contains:

> - `manager_bt.launch.py` - is responsible for activating whole robot system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `manager_bt.launch.py` - is responsible for launching behavior trees responsible for safety and LED animations scheduling.
```

### Configuration Files

- [`lights.xml`](./behavior_trees/lights.xml): BehaviorTree for managing lights.
- [`PantherLightsBT.btproj`](./behavior_trees/PantherLightsBT.btproj): BehaviorTree project for managing Panther lights.
- [`PantherSafetyBT.btproj`](./behavior_trees/PantherSafetyBT.btproj): BehaviorTree project for managing Panther safety protocols.
- [`safety.xml`](./behavior_trees/safety.xml): BehaviorTree for monitoring and managing dangerous situations.
- [`shutdown.xml`](./behavior_trees/shutdown.xml): BehaviorTree for initiating shutdown procedures.
- [`lights_manager_config.yaml`](./config/lights_manager_config.yaml): Contains parameters for the `lights_manager` node.
- [`safety_manager_config.yaml`](./config/safety_manager_config.yaml): Contains parameters for the `safety_manager` node.

> - [`shutdown_hosts.yaml`](./config/shutdown_hosts.yaml): Lists all hosts to request shutdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`shutdown_hosts.yaml`](./config/shutdown_hosts.yaml): List with all hosts to request shutdown.
```

## ROS Nodes

| Node name        | Description <br/> *Type*                                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `lights_manager` | Node responsible for managing Bumper Lights animation scheduling. <br/> [*panther_manager/lights_manager_node*](.)                          |

> | `safety_manager` | Node responsible for managing safety features, and software shutdown of components. <br/> [*panther_manager/safety_manager_node*](.) |

Reviewer: We should mention that this are actually components
